character: Misato; text: I don't have the words. It was great for the first fight.
character: Misato; text: I don't have the words. It was great for the first fight.
character: Misato; text: Actually, I thought you couldn't handle it because it was a pretty strong opponent, but you surpassed all my expectations.
character: Misato; text: I hope you continue in the same spirit.
character: Asuka; text: Well, as for me, nothing unusual . . .
character: Asuka; text: An ordinary angel, flying something, shooting something, nothing out of the ordinary.
character: Asuka; text: Ray and I even tell jokes about them. Yes, Ray?
character: Rei; text: No . . .
character: Asuka; text: Sh*t
character: Asuka; text: Well, that just proves that I'm the strongest and most useful here. Without me, everything would have fallen apart a long time ago.
character: Asuka; text: So don't get cocky, Daddy's boy, I'll kick your ass on the next mission.
character: Asuka; text: Then we'll see which one of us is better, although I already know the outcome.
character: Rei; text: Shut your mouth, Asuka.
character: Rei; text: While you were in the head dogma, you risked your life.
character: Rei; text: You have no right to defame him.
character: Asuka; text: . . .
character: Rei; text: I think you're doing a great job.
character: Rei; text: In your first battle, you didn't lose your head, you fought back against such a powerful opponent.
character: Rei; text: Yes, of course there were times when you were a little bit wrong.
character: Rei; text: For example, you could not let him get so close to you or use auto-guidance to pay more attention to pilating.
character: Rei; text: But you're doing great!
character: Rei; text: So now we all need to celebrate properly.
character: Rei; text: And then I'll train you properly.
character: Misato; text: Well said, Ray.
character: Misato; text: And the offer is excellent. Where would you like to go celebrate?
character: Asuka; text: Well, of course, to the mall, and I'd like to invite my friend Kaji.
character: Misato; text: No way . . .
character: Asuka; Boring girl.
character: Misato; What about you, Ray?
character: Rei; text: I don't really care. The main thing is that the person responsible for our celebration today should be happy.
character: Misato; text: Well, that's great.
character: Misato; text: And you, Asuka, should take an example from her, and not run after older guys.
character: Misato; text: Well, then the choice is yours.
character: Asuka; text: May he choose nothing.
character: Asuka; text: And if he does, it won't be any more fun than painting at a table.
character: Asuka; text: Well, or at least he wants to go to Daddy.
character: Asuka; text: Who will safely ignore it.
character: Rei; text: I'd like to visit Gendo.
character: Rei; text: So if we go to him, then we'll come to visit you too.
character: Misato; text: Well, actually, he's living with me and Asuka now.
character: Rei; text: Why is that?
character: Asuka; text: Because he's so annoying that even his father kicked him out.
character: Asuka; text: I feel like we'll do the same soon.
character: Misato; text: It's just that Gendo travels a lot now and doesn't have a permanent place of residence. And a teenager needs it.
character: Misato; text: Ring... Ring... Ring...
character: Rei; text: Who was it?
character: Misato; text: Ridzuko said that NERV was attacked by an angel, and this time it was very unusual.
character: Misato; text: It's in the form of a virus. Because of him, all Eves are not working, and the only way out is to enter the encryption keys as soon as possible.
character: Misato; text: She's asking for your help.
character: Misato; text: Let's hurry up!
